# Bull
Bull is a Saloon app to search for nearby saloon, book appointments and choose your style. It also has social media elements to post and share your cool photos after a makeover.

Revenue to be generated by including non-intrusive Native ads that doesn’t compromise user experience.

<B><center>Share your Makeover Photos to your friends with our Social Media element.</center></B>

<h3>Highlights:</h3>

* Choose from a list of styles based on your Face Shape. 
* Save the styles. 
* Share with the Saloon and book an appointment.

<h3>Technologies used:</h3>

* Android Kotlin as the Frontend
* Firebase as Backend for the App

<B><center>Roadmap</center></B>

<h3>Initial Version (Progress – 75%):</h3>

Login-

*	Mobile Number / OTP
*	Gmail / Facebook
*	Email / Password

Saloon - 

*	Saloon List of all the saloon owners registered with our App. 
*	Sorting by Distance, Rating or Alphabetical
*	Book appointment.
*	Rate and review saloon
*	Saloon owners can upload images of customers showcasing their skill.
*	Call or see location of the saloon

Bull-Magic (Social Media element) -

*	Social Media element to view photos posted by others.
*	Ability to comment, like and share.

Style List -

*	Choose a style for haircut, and beard based on given list and on Face shape.
*	Save the chosen style to be shared with others or with the saloon.

Personal Profile -

*	View all the photos posted. View all the Saloon Reviews, Likes and comments made.
*	Set a profile picture.

Camera -

*	Take photos and upload with captions and saloon name
*	Upload images from gallery

Future Version:
*	Enrich the Camera component with filters and rich text.
*	Using ML to identify face shape of the user.
*	Using ML to recommend Hair-Style and Beard-Style based on User Face shape, preference and current trend
*	Port App to Apple Users.
*	Include Amazon/Flipkart style market-place exclusively for Hair products, Skin care products, face wash, skin lotions etc.



App is still under construction
